So you're able to work with the IDE in an efficient way,
now you also need to understand where to find help, where to dive deeper in cases where the IDE doesn't
provide sufficient support
and there we got one amazing resource for web development in general but also specifically for Javascript
and that's MDN.
I'll come back to MDN in a second, it's a web page,
it's like the official Javascript documentation if there were one.
There you find everything about Javascript,
it's extremely detailed,
you find information about basically every built-in function and object and thing you can do and
it's an amazing reference. It can be overwhelming if you first dive into it
but I'll show you how to work with it
in this module.
Now in addition, you need to learn how to google, seriously
it's astonishing to see how many developers are not able to google. Often in development,
you don't know the solution yet or you just know I want to do this,
maybe I can do it like that but I'm not sure
and then why don't you just google it?
But of course you need to know how to google and I'll show you in this module, to find discussions where
other people discussed this same issue
and where are you then maybe find some ideas on how to think about the problem or how to solve it. Also,
learn how to ask proper questions,
no matter if you're doing that here in the Q & A section or in public forums like Stack Overflow which
is a great developer forum. There, you can ask for help but you need to ask in a way that allows others
to help, which means you need to describe your problem,
if you are getting an error, you need to copy and paste in the error message,
you really need to ask proper questions to get proper responses and also help others,
don't just ask,
also help others, be friendly,
dive into the community because that will allow you to grow as a developer.
And last but not least, no matter how seasoned you are as a developer, you will always have a lot of trial
and error.
Sometimes you know how you want to solve something, you know that it should work the way you're writing
your code but it just doesn't work. Well don't give up then, just keep on trying, tweak your code,
google, come back, change something and find a fix, find a solution. Of course here.
I'm not talking about syntax errors, simple errors where you misspelled something but where you just
can't get the logic right for something, where you want to calculate a random number between 1 and 10
and you always get one between 0 and 1 let's say,
well this is all about trial and error, tweaking your code, trying out if it works
and that is also an important part of development.
So let's dive a bit deeper into all of this and let's start with MDN.
You can just google for MDN
and here we are already getting started with the googling and you should find the MDN web docs.
Now in case you're wondering, MDN stands for Mozilla Developer Network
but this site evolved over time and now it's not just a site maintained by Mozilla but instead, a lot
of developers are working on it to make it the kind of pseudo official web development reference and
guide collection.
Now on this page here, you can dive into different technologies, for example Javascript and there, you'll
also find a couple of tutorials which I really can only recommend that you also dive into.
They won't replace this course here because these are all written tutorials,
so you'll find no video tutorials in there,
it's more about reading here and it can be overwhelming if you're brand new
in my experience but it's a great additional resource, also to go through at the same time whilst you're
going through this course or after going through this course.
So this is really amazing, there you can learn a lot about Javascript,
its core features, its core functions that are built in, all the syntax and so on.
And then you also get the references and the guides and there, you also find more tutorials
but for example under references, you find detailed references for HTML, CSS and Javascript
and if we explore the Javascript one here by clicking on reference, what we actually can find there are
complete references of all built-in objects and you see there are a lot, no worries, we'll learn about
all the important ones throughout this course.
You can find more about expressions and operators which are built in, all about functions, how to write
them, how to configure them and so on.
So you really find a lot of stuff in there which will help you work with Javascript and write good code.
So this is a great resource to come back to
and often it's easiest to work with it by not just searching on their site but let's say you want to
learn more about the parseInt method,
well you can always search for MDN and and then the thing you want to learn more about, for example parseInt
and if you do that you should find the parseInt article on MDN as I do here and there, you see
a short snippet for it,
a short description, you can even run that short snippet. You then find the detailed syntax description
below,
the arguments, the parameters this takes and what needs to be parsed in there.
You find a more detailed description,
more examples,
so that's really really amazing.
And by the way if you dive into this right now, it can be overwhelming because there you also see some
features covered which we haven't covered yet in this course but still, to look things up especially
if you're a bit further into Javascript development, that can be really helpful
and that's what I meant with
don't learn it by heart.
It's all written down there,
you just need to remember that there was some parseInt function and you can search for it and find it
here.